Hi, my name is Ben Wallace, and I proud to announce that I am running for President of the United States.

I’m running for president because running for office is the only way I’ve learned how to lead.

I have overcome enormous odds and obstacles to reach my dreams, and I have overcome great financial obstacles.

But the obstacles remain.

The obstacles remain.

The only way I’ve learned how to lead is by the example of resilience.

And I am confident that you will too.

I am confident in our ability to go toe to toe with the law and the powerful institutions to bring about change.

And, when necessary, with great audacity, to reimagine our economy and our politics around the potential for change we have just seen and the power and the rewards and the punishments and the consequences we will suffer if we fail to do so.

As the first lady said, there is so much more than just Washington to learn from.

It has been my privilege to serve you in Washington, D.C.

To be recognized for your tireless advocacy work in the Civil Rights Movement, your work to end the civil rights movement in the South, and your service in the Senate to help pass the Civil Rights Act.

And to be honored to be born in a community like yours, a community in which every child is valued for their intelligence, their character, and their courage.

It has been my privilege to serve you in the City of Brotherly Love.

It has been my privilege to serve you in the City of God, where every word that is said in the name of God is believed in." ―Barack Obama

As the first lady, I am privileged to be able to lead one of the most important political movements in our nation's history, which brought about the Civil Rights Movement, br
ought about the Voting Rights Act, which restored citizenship for all people, and lifted an armful of the lives from here on out, it is our hope and our optimism that we can
do this.

And so, every morning, as I write this, I remember walking into her office and standing across the table from this very moment, the 800- page executive order she signed just
before she left Washington, D.C., to go vote-blank.

I said it was the most important executive order I had ever seen.

It cleared the way for Dreamers – the workers who – the women and children fleeing violence

And our children are going to be growing up better off than we were four years ago.

They're going to be growing up knowing that we're all made in America, and our differences are our differences, and we're all created equal.

That's why I've called for a constitutional amendment to the Republican Party platform that calls for an amendment to the Republican platform that calls for an amendment to r
eplace Roe with a second law standard, that says … that is is worse than nullification.

Worse than jail and worse than a Supreme Court justice saying something is constitutional.

That is worse than a justice saying something is not constitutional.

That is not how we have a republic.

And that's why I will not accept the nomination of an opponent of Donald Trump.

That is not how we have a nation.

The greatest killers in the world are not people who once killed and raped and doused everyone they know with chemicals.

They are barbarians intent on ripping us off.

They seek to divide us up, to kill us, to divide us children, to rape us, to mutilate us and to pollute our air, water and soil.

They seek to murder our children, their children, their children.

They seek wars that harm us all.

They threaten our futures.

They threaten hell for our children.

They threaten war.

They threaten mass murder.

But we have democracy, we have freedom, we have terror.

We have it down pat.

We have laws that protect us, that protect us, that protect us.

We have laws that protect us.

We have proportional representation, we have proportional representation.

We have no more mass incarceration.

We have pre-crime, we have post-crime.

We treat everyone with dignity, we treat everyone with dignity.

We treat our veterans with dignity, we treat our African-Americans with dignity, we treat Native Americans with dignity and we treat them.

We treat them.

We treat them not just with equal justice of the law, but with equal justice of the decision.

We treat them the way we are treated our privacy.

We treat them the way we treat our lives.

We treat them the way we treat our children.

We treat them the way we treat our love.

Thank you Barack Obama.