Hi, my name is Ben Wallace, and I am proud to announce that I am running for President of the United States.

I get it.

You guys think you know everything about me, but you don't.

I have heard it all -- the hard- working people, the immigrants, the students, the veterans, the queer and straight people, the queer and white Americans who have served here at home and abroad, the seniors and the children, the people who literally move through our country's resources, that you won't believe how little they care about who you love.

You hear us say, folks, that you only hear from me because we all live in a country.

That doesn't make me a nation-builder, but it does me the unity of being a nation-builder.

And if you really love what we do and would rather do it yourself than me, then yes, we can become a nation-builder, that is, a nation-builder of you, us.

We can become your friends, a nation-builder of each other.

And yes, we can be your base, a base for the rest of the world.

And yes, we can be a beacon of hope to the rest of the world.

For all of us, we have got to put aside what we do because, like so many others, the millions of Americans who have been through far too much, too much, too often to realize
what has been done and that is continue to do is sometimes feels like you and I and some of the kids left behind here tonight aren't quite ready for what's ahead.

Enough is enough.

The future of our country rests on the shoulders of working families, young and old, people of color, people with disabilities, people with illnesses, the poor and the disenfranchised.

You and I have a chance to win this fight and to build a future that works for everyone.

I stand here today with a message for those looking to undermine me, for those wondering if my success is based in the strength I've gained as a boxer, from what I have to say to the way I'm shown a microphone to say I'm qualified to serve.

I stand here today because I want to hear your concerns.

Because I want to hear your concerns.

Because on Election Day, I said something I hadn't said in a long time – I want to win this election so bad that I can't be trusted.

And I said it many times: I'm a candidate, not a politician.

Never have been my thoughts simpler on Election Day.

Hello America!

Where are we?

Where are we?

This is the place to be for the momentous transition for American workers.

The future of this country rests at the very edge of that future, a.k.a. the edge of hell.

A bleak outlook for the economy of which we are made whole.

But what if, in the years to come, instead of falling victim to the fall of the Berlin Wall, the workers of this country can rise to the occasion?

We the workers of this country can raise the minimum wage to $15 in this economy.

We the workers of this country can join the other 99% in passing a living wage into the economy of our lifetime.

We the workers of this economy can protect the pre-existing mass incarceration in this country.

We the workers of this country can defend the civil liberties we currently have.

We the workers of this country can fulfill our nation's international obligations, and so to speak, our national security, and so forth, we here at this moment in history demonstrate in defense of those liberties.

And so, we stand before you, one Jameson for all, one Jameson for our country.

Yours,

Ben