Hi! My name is Ben Wallace, and I am proud to announce that I am running for President of the United States.

I am running for president because I believe in American greatness, and I believe that you all, one by one, will join me on this journey.

And I am running for president because, like so many Americans, you know we like to turn things back.

So if in the future you think the United States of America is a distant memory, well, I want to be perfectly clear: I'm not going to tell you what to think.

I won't.

I can't.

You'll just know that this is a difficult race and I believe we can only win it by the power of the people.

So, if you don't believe in a Trump presidency, get out the vote, and if you don't believe in a Trump-Russia investigation, then get out the vote!

I'll tell you a little bit more about myself.

In 1980 I was just 29 years old and living in a small apartment in Midland, New Jersey.

Nothing really happened in that area until I was arrested for trying to buy marijuana from a guy who was also in possession of two handguns.

That arrest brought a whole new meaning to the phrase, 'Oh, we know what happened in Indiana.'

And that is why I stand here today, standing before you in a red jail jumpsuit, my true face, facing a crowd of people who say we have to change our politics from scratch because of the mess we made in our history by trying to turn it into a political issue.

And that is why I founded The Young America my saying, don't compromise, and when I say I am from Jamaica, you say I'm from California, I say I'm from New York, I'm from Philadelphia, I'm sure there are thousands more here who agree with them than the Jamaicans.

So, if you don't believe me, get out the vote, and if you don't believe me, get out the vote today.

I have this great question, Joe Biden, who is up for re-election in 2018.

He is the son of a United States senator from the state of Delaware, and I was elected as his deputy.

He is the son of a United States senator from the state of Delaware, and he is running for president as a Republican.

So, this is a logical question that asks, what is the appeal of a president who claims to be from Jamaica?

If we're going to understand what we're doing here, we have to ask ourselves what the hell we're doing.

Why are we here, and how can we engage with this country?

Why are we spending this much money on politics and money, and no one is asking what is at stake for us if we don't start from the ground up?

Why should health care be just a political issue?

If we want to understand what is at stake for the future of this country, we have to ask ourselves what is the appeal of a president who claims to be from Jamaica.

Why are we here, and how can we engage with this country?

Why are we spending this much money on politics and money, and no one is asking what is at stake for us if we don't start from the ground up?

Why are we raising our children here, raising our children here, raising this much money?

Why are we spending this much money on television and radio, and no one is asking what is at stake for us if we don't start from the ground up?

Why are we raising our children here at all, with no one asking what is at stake for us?

Our challenges and our opportunities are as varied as our ambitions.

We are a people who, like you, are more than willing to stand up to powerful and powerful people.

We are the last generation that hope not good hope.

We are the last generation that dream big, and we are the last generation that will do what no other generation has dared do.

We are the last generation that say, we don't have to be a nation to achieve what we believe is right.

We do it because we like it and we do it because it's right.

We do it because it gives us strength and security and meaning.

We do it because it’s our turn-meeting moment.

And to those in charge, there is no turning back.

We have got to get going, we have to get serious and we have to get brave.

We have to get going because there is no turning back.

We have got to win this election so we may not have to wait for the next generation to show us the way.

So, no?

That’s why we need to get serious.